Boom. Let's do this. First interview of
day two, ETH Denver 2026 Crypto Talk and
Blockchain Walk.
>> Let's do it.
>> We're here with Kent. Um, this is a new
venue this year.
>> It is. How do you like the energy doing?
>> I think the energy is more my speed cuz
there's less people here.
>> Yes.
>> But being a steward, what does that mean
to you that we have less people at
Denver 2026? I'm not actually viewing it
in terms of like the number of people
like that. The number of people was
never the the critical metric to me. It
was more like uh how's the vibe, how's
the energy, is there like that critical
mass of of people building and like does
it feel good? And that was one of the
challenges with the last place is um it
really met our needs in terms of scaling
from the sports castle, but it was also
um
>> it just it was a different vibe, you
know, and it was it was bigger, but it
was more diffuse. Um, this is like I
feel like just the right size for right
now. And I feel like even if it was
busier, it would be perfect. Um, and I
also like how everything's brand new in
here. It's um, it just feels good to me.
I I dig it.
>> You know what I do appreciate about this
venue is that we can run into more
people that we know and have one-on-one
conversations.
>> Amen to that.
>> That was missing last year or the past
couple years,
>> especially with the multitude of
sponsors and just like Yeah, it's a
little frantic. It's a little
impersonal. So, this is like um I'd say
this is much improved for sure.
>> So, I have a bit of a spicy question.
There isn't as many sponsors this year
as the past couple years. Is that a
positive?
>> I mean, it's I think it's emblematic of
of where the space is right now. It's um
and we've seen this before. It's it's a
bare market and things are challenging.
People got really caught off guard
because they I think they made certain
assumptions uh based on the regulatory
changes. uh and that hasn't worked out
for different reasons. But um at the end
of the day, it's sort of like um I think
it's important not to fixate too much on
just like these things that change year
to year and look at the long-term trends
like uh
>> you know, are people still showing up?
>> Do they still believe in the power of
decentralization and um immutability and
no gatekeepers and the
permissionlessness and all this
beautiful stuff? And like I think
there's still that that critical mass.
Um it would be nice for sure to have
more sponsors. That means more more
money to throw, you know,
>> more revenue.
>> Yeah, exactly. The the Ethmer team did
an amazing job this year of, you know,
it's it's certainly fewer sponsors, but
I mean, look, they everybody killed it.
So, um,
>> totally.
>> Yeah.
>> Look, I think uh, how long have you been
in the space now? Since 2013.
>> Uh, I learned about Bitcoin 2012 and
then I started Ethereum Denver in 2014.
So,
>> okay. So, you're on your 12th year
building. What's like the one key piece
of
uh alpha that you have for helping
people who are going through their first
bare market right now because a I think
we're in a bare market.
>> We certainly are. I would
>> and b just like sentiment is at an
all-time low even though we have
mainstream adoption taking place. We
have all these great things. People are
starting to use our blockchain networks.
Blockchain networks are starting to find
product market fit, but people are
feeling very negative. And so I think
this bare market is a little bit
different than most because we have all
this stuff that should be pointing
towards success, but we don't see
success yet, right?
>> So what's the best way for people to
kind of like cope and keep on building
and stay excited?
>> I'd say coming to real life events is a
great way to get over that negativity
cuz um you can't help but be positive
when you're surrounded by other people
that are working on this. Totally.
Everybody's feeling the same challenges
and pressures for sure. But it's like
>> it's a whole different thing when you're
instead of being online perpetually
where negativity just rises to the
surface all the time and people are
almost incentivized to be more negative
because that's how the algorithms work.
Being here is great. I noticed the same
thing in Buoar. You probably did too at
Dev Connect is like, "Wow, this is just
super positive, good vibes." Another
piece of advice would be like just try
to get off Twitter. X is like it's
become a show, you know? I mean, I
mean, you do you ultimately, but like
it's it's a show. Get off of get
off of Twitter. Like, go to in-person
meetups, go, you know, find other like
join Discords, build like it the
negativity, a lot of the negativity you
feel ultimately, and yes, prices are
down, but a lot of that negativity is
just you're kind of absorbing from being
around too much too many negative people
online. So, and the other thing is just
look at look at crypto history is we've
seen this time and again where you know
it feels like this is it. You know it's
it's what is this crazy thing it goes
>> it's like
>> we're never going to make it and then
you know it's a boom and b
>> we're so done we're so bad.
>> Exactly. Yeah.
>> We've seen this countless times.
>> So um
>> you know just know we've been here
before. Um I would say if any listeners
are feeling stressed financially because
of this like that's certainly you know
that's that that that presents some
difficult questions for all of us is
like well you know do do you really
believe in this industry do you need to
sell and raise some money that those are
tough questions and that's there's that
aspect too and that's everybody has
their own assessment of of how things
might work out for sure but um
ultimately if you really believe to me
>> that's the beauty of Ethereum is like
>> if you believe in this power of like
this beautiful decentralized network
that nobody can control but anybody can
access. And then you you objectively
look at where we're heading. For
example, it's something that if you look
around here, you see a ton of small
builders, you know, um mo mostly some
corporations and stuff, but on the on
the same token, no pun intended,
institutions are building too. you have
you have um you know look at the what
the stable act or the genius act has
introduced. So it's a sort of like
two-sided thing that to me legitimizes
the the technology like it's working.
>> If you look at the white paper that
Vitalic originally put out like all this
stuff has played out and Ethereum is a
success. It's had essentially 100%
uptime. So
>> for 10 plus years
>> for 10 plus years. So yeah,
>> and lastly, I would say just like don't
don't let price be a proxy.
>> Oh, like don't don't let price be a
proxy for like what really is happening
in the space. Like sentiment is down,
but like are people still building cool
Are there still a lot of people
involved in the space? Are people still
joyful and glad to be working in crypto?
And the answer is yes. I mean just look
look around us. So uh that would be kind
of my thoughts around that. Um, what are
you building these days? Uh,
>> I have a startup with two friends called
Coin Cap. We're kind of at the
intersection of LLM and crypto. We have
a uh crypto data API that's really
performant and we have a lot of
historical data. Um, and uh we had a
strategy last year of allowing people to
stake Morpheus tokens uh in order to
access our our API. Uh Morpheus, for
those that aren't aware, is a really
cool decentralized AI project. they're
really sort of like applying the the
ethos of Ethereum to to AI in a really
excellent way. So that that was working
until of course um you know the price of
pretty much all tokens uh descended. So
>> went down.
>> Yes. So we're we're we're kind of uh
currently casting about for new new
business strategies. Um and that's fun.
Uh my p my my real passion is music too.
So I'm always like I've been on the
lookout for like music related projects.
>> Cool.
>> Um haven't seen anything yet. Um, but I
know it's it's there like some there's
something really cool about like, you
know, even like NFTTS could have been
really cool for creators and maybe can
be, but there's there's got to be a good
a good fit there for creators as well, I
would say.
>> Awesome, man. Appreciate it. So, don't
get don't get too bogged down by by the
downs, by the lows, and uh remember that
we still have a lot of places to go with
this technology.
>> Exactly. Zoom out. Zoom out. There's
something about our our our business and
our industry that encourages you to, you
know, you're like hanging on for every
little bump, not not just what the
market is doing, but every all the drama
and just every day, but you have to zoom
out like this stuff is really playing
out and it's going to going to take a
while to play out more. But just uh
yeah, hang out, enjoy the ride, and and
um and don't get caught up in the
negativity, too. Well, you are one of
the first people I met in the blockchain
community here in Colorado. So, it's
been a pleasure to be your friend over
the years and looking forward to riding
more of the ups and downs with you,
brother.
>> Likewise, my friend. All right. Thanks,
man. Thank